it's first aid with Kelly Kincaid
unswayed in the morning right birthday
with Kelly pancake now she's not
claiming to be a doctor but she does
care about the people that within the
sound of her voice and that is you the
citizens of sway in the morning
worldwide nationwide and Kelly kook a
welcome back to the show
good morning sway good morning citizens
how are you today sway I can't complain
Kelly Kincaid I woke up breathing the
rest as a blessing and a bonus yeah
talking about being Queenie you know
life is precious yes indeed and you know
we got to stop all these people doing
dumb out here so also we were
talking about this measles outbreak
that's been taking place yeah this is a
conversation that I always have a
conversation with a lot of people CNN
really wrote a long article about this
measle outbreak you know it's affected
New York as well in some other states
and I wanted to bring in a special guest
today who is really out there advocating
for a lot of things and I wanted to talk
about something that happened in
California yesterday with the SB 276
correct and so I wanted to welcome our
brother Riza Islam yes ma'am yes for the
show I am honored to be on sway this is
this is I mean this is amazing brother I
love the work you're doing and so the
measles outbreak number one people have
to understand that when it comes to the
measles between 2004 and 2014 there were
no measles deaths from the actual
disease but there were 108 deaths from
the measles vaccine okay number one
number two SB 276 pertains to the
relationship between the patient and the
doctor so what they're trying to do is
remove the patient from being handled by
their doctor and they're trying to give
that authority to a health officer
person who's never met you never met
your child pretty much it doesn't know
anything about you but they're going to
be able to decide what to do as it
pertains to vaccinating or inoculating
your child which is 100% against medical
practices against the Hippocratic oath
is not how the Constitution works so and
today we're talking about
vaccinations yes and whispered this on
is this whole measles outbreak you know
there's a lot of there's three three
states right now California Mississippi
and West Virginia right who really are
kind of modern muttering what parents
can do with their child yeah and I know
like celebrities like air put Erykah
Badu
she's been a big advocate about not
vaccinating her kids and I think the
problem is though is you have some kids
who are vac most kids are vaccinated
then some aren't and then you get this
outbreak because measles was eliminated
in mm mm mm so the question for me and
you you were on the steps of City Hall
in Sacramento yesterday and what was the
verdict of that bill 276 it passed
through the Health Committee to the
Health Committee which means ass go
through another step in order for it to
become law so once that happened which
by the way most people have to
understand when you're talking about an
outbreak the CDC has specific guidelines
as to what they determined to be an
outbreak
okay there's to be a certain number of
people within a certain proximity or
with us within a certain square mileage
they have not reached that number of
people okay so what they're saying is
they are exaggerating to try to scare
legislators into pushing laws or pushing
bills due to become law okay and as a
matter of fact right now they're saying
there's an outbreak in LA because one
student caught the measles at UCLA
Medical Center how is that an outbreak
yeah so they're trying to push that - as
I said scare legislators into pushing
this law which is once again violating
the US Constitution
let me ask you this I got vaccinated you
got vaccinated so did you why is this so
important to you right now
oh I think it vaccinated you didn't not
at all oh no I'm all the way straight
from the bone oh yes oh yes my mother
never vaccinated me she was a
naturopathic doctor who was formerly a
medical nurse and she left the medical
field because she saw how much hypocrisy
was in it and because she also saw how
they were strategically using medication
of pushing pills when they used to push
the more naturopathic remedies etc so
she switched over into naturopath me so
the vaccination situation that people
really have to look at is the MMR
vaccine measles mumps rubella which is
known as a trivalent multivalent or
three viruses and one needle is the
exact vaccine
or vaccinations that dr. William
Thompson who was the senior lead
scientist over the Center for Disease
Control's vaccine division has stated
himself quote this vaccine gives black
boys autism at the rate of two hundred
and thirty six percent more than
Caucasian boys now this is not something
that came from brother reason it's not
something that just I made up this came
from this scientist in the CDC who
currently still works there he also
stated that if we would have revealed
this information at least ten years
earlier we could have prevented at least
100,000 black boys from having autism do
you do you feel like the vaccine has
some diabolical route to it in terms of
how it's being circulated I'm a black
man in America brother okay so I'm just
gonna say I'll say hell yes to that okay
but at the same time I look at the signs
to see exactly how can I prove that to
Seymour sofas is it opinion or is it
based on actual fact and according to
this same scientists who had him over
three our conversation with dr. Bryan
hooker he revealed that yes it was
intentional and we hid the data
literally they hid it as a matter of
fact ten years of the data they
completely removed it and he admitted it
later and said I want to confess and I
want to be subpoenaed before Congress to
confess everything about what has
occurred with this vaccine ok reason
Islam is here you said something really
interesting because my partner locked
him up in the game with fascinate his
kids yes for similar reasons and you
said between the years of 2004 and 2014
they're winning there were a hundred and
eight deaths caused by the measles
vaccine correct what is in the vast
scene there you know yes ok there are
multiple things from aldehyde is one
lumen is another there's something
called thimerosal which is a mercury
derivative of a mercury preservative
this is now people try to say well now
you get mercury from fish that is methyl
mercury we didn't with ethyl mercury
this is an inorganic form of mercury
that does not wash out of the brain this
is a heavy metal that is not something
that you can have in your body
whatsoever and any type of dose that is
safe as a matter of fact if you dropped
this needle on the ground in a school
they will shut down the school bring in
people with hazardous material suits on
evacuated until they have to clean up
that that vile but you get to inject my
child with that yeah see they they've
already determined all the signs behind
this
as matter of fact another thing on the
actual insert or the ingredient list for
this vaccination the MMR vaccine
according to merck who has produces
vaccine states that one of these
side-effects is death oh this is very
basic most of us don't know yeah and
this isn't you this is a this is from of
them from them this is from them it's
just that we don't know and by the way
we are the number one group of people
who are affected by this but we are the
exact number one group who knew nothing
about it
because you talk about this in your
documentary that unprescribed truth
correct and you really lay out a lot
going back to Robert Kennedy jr. yeah it
was really talking about mm-hmm this is
happening but is it that we are ignorant
and we just do what the doctor says Oh
100% black folks trust doctors and white
coats we trust him I mean that's what
that's how we were taught you know our
grandmothers you know going to Russian
doctor for the majority but oh yes go
ahead we're talking about black folks
but this is affecting just children oh
I'll just have to give vaccinations oh
yes oh yes they all do in the only
reason why I specify black children's
because that's what the scientists
specified who is who it affects more
than anybody else
it affects everybody indirectly but it
affects black children directly
according to the scientists himself this
is this is a Caucasian scientist huh and
he said he said I regret this what I did
and he said every time he said I have
great shame now whenever I see a child
with autism because I know I have been
part of the problem and he admitted all
this you know so this is what is going
on now he's under whistleblower status
so he can only communicate through his
attorney but this is a very real thing
what is his name dr. William Thompson
dr. William Thompson so I want to get
the citizens to google it yourself
yourself finding information yourself
Rize Islam is here I want to open up the
phone lines for some questions and we'll
come back a day 7 4 2 3 3 4 5
I am totally in favor of vaccines but I
want smaller doses over a longer period
of time then I had my children taking
care of over a long period of time over
two or three year period of time same
exact amount but you take this little
beautiful baby and you pump I mean it
looks just like it's meant for a horse
not for a child just the other day
beautiful child
went to have the vaccine a week later
got a tremendous fever got very very
sick now is autistic hmm that was from
your documentary or islam's the
unprescribed truth and you know our
President Trump is for vaccination but
spreading it out why why don't doctors
spread it out because a lot of I don't
have an infant but they do like one it's
like two shots or something why isn't it
spread out well one because this comes
from the CDC guidelines itself now this
is where people have to look at exactly
how political this really is okay the
CDC comes out with the actual schedule
and they say this is what doctors are
supposed to do this is how you're
supposed to inject the children it's
said and they send that throughout the
country now according to the CDC before
the age of 18 months you have to inject
a certain number of vaccinations and
that includes MMR Hep B etc all these
different acts Nations including vitamin
K which is not an actual vitamin coming
from that needle it actually has 0.9
micrograms of benzoyl alcohol hence why
the baby gets jaundice because it
attacks delivered directly
that's just another side point for the
pregnant mothers another thing is that
they don't spread them out because once
again the CDC is a bully okay they they
send it out and the doctors just bow
down to whatever they say so doctors
independently will spread them out
because they know better and as a matter
of fact depending on what zip code you
live in most of those doctors do spread
it out in the Jewish communities they
spread it out and insert another
community they spread it out because
they know the effects Donald Trump
himself he just he eloquently described
he said I want to spread them out I'm
for vaccinations but spread them out
over a longer period of time why because
the amount of mercury that is combined
with within all those vaccinations is
not at all safe for a child and the
likelihood of them coming out with
autism Asperger's ticks any one of these
neurological disorders is very very very
high so if you spread them out it will
be safer but still of course I don't
encourage vaccinations at all but if you
do
yes spread them out so that you can have
a less likely chance of your child
having a debilitating disease reason
Islam is here were you hearing this
information and all this information is
not opinion no it's you can look it up
yourself what is your background
background Compton California youngest
attend children Bloods and Crips gang
banging very young very young all of
that and of course Nation of Islam born
but as I said I once my stepfather was
locked in prison of course family
collapsing like I said gang violence etc
ensued but then I found my way back and
started doing a lot of activism and
community work humanitarian work and
been in my community men doing my best
for a very very long time so I was about
to a result is this why you were to read
in a blue bow tie of course but you know
what it is yeah oh yeah this is long
before this has been you for years
Bloods and Crips together because that's
how it was in the beginning you know
crip stands for community resistance in
progress is well it's what we did to
come together as a community to fight
against racist police officers so
something to uplift the community same
thing with the Bloods as well so oh yeah
I rock this everywhere what do you think
the community can do to really bring
more of this information to the surface
so people actually understand what
they're agreeing or not agreeing to do
we have to hold the artists accountable
to start doing more investigation into
things that are not just entertainment
ya know start looking at things are more
educational certain parents who are
artists yeah
ask them to promote what is it that you
did because most of the artists don't
vaccinate yeah most of them have doulas
or midwives most of them you know have a
holistic way of practicing so they
should express that a little more to the
people because the people are looking to
them for answers and solutions and ways
of living so they should start to
express well you know this is why I
chose not to vaccinate or this is why I
chose not to use formula and I chose to
breastfeed etc so the artists really
have to come out and start to push more
of that into people what will be you
know they'll behave in and actually
appreciate that more is there
alternative that you know of a healthier
alternative to try to prevent measles if
you're not taking vaccinations
oh yeah number one the first thing is a
healthy immune system destroys
everything all diseases etc but if you
want your child to be the healthiest as
it pertains to measles you want to
breastfeed them one you want to make
sure that the environment that they're
physically in is as clean as possible
air filters alkaline water or at least
spring water you want to make sure that
they're bathing properly
all these basic things measles is not
some major disease it's really not and
it's not supposed to be deadly actually
rarely if ever deadly so these are basic
things that we should do is make sure
the environment is clean our bodies are
clean and we're as natural as possible
the way our ancestors were long before
vaccinations even came into the equation
I never heard that statistic that
between the years of 2004 2014 or 108
deaths were caused by vaccination oh
yeah and this is some more information
that the public isn't aware oh brother
man listen when I say there's a list put
it this way there was something called
the National childhood vaccine injury
Act in 1986 okay okay this is where
vaccine manufacturers pretty much now
were held with no liability they were
free to put whatever they want in
vaccinations because Congress told them
okay we know you guys are getting lots
of lawsuits and so they threatened
Congress and said listen if you don't
prevent us from being sued we're gonna
shut it all down we're not making them a
vaccination so that basically is
threatening national security because
what if an outbreak pops up you have no
vaccine so they threaten them you know
just shut down so Congress said okay
fine fine we'll pass this law to where
you can't be sued since 1986 autism was
one it was in one in 15,000 after the
National childhood vaccine injury Act of
1986 autism went from 115 thousand to
one and 10,000 by the time Obama got
into office in 2014 I believe at the end
of his second term it was one in 68
that's one in 68 1 in 6 who are
vaccinated or have autism they have a 1
in 68 168 have autism now it's even more
than that it's actually I believe it's
either 1 in 50 or 1 in 45 and this is on
the CDC's website this there's a nother
website according to the Health and
Human Services section that section of
the United States government is called
the vaccine adverse events reporting
system that's the website you can go to
see everything that has happened
negatively as a result of vaccines it's
a part of the US government most people
don't know about it but that's where you
can find all of that and they also have
something called the vaccine court where
parents go to to prove that their child
was injured by vaccines and the vaccine
court has paid out over 4 billion
dollars
proving that yes your vaccine injured my
child cause autism my child is dead
because of it etc and the government has
admitted it proved it and paid these
parents they paid the parents Rize Islam
is here we're in the middle of first day
with Kelly concave got a lot
quick questions Thai from Cali what's up
top
hey you're you're awesome man I'm loving
everything you're saying this way it
sounds like you need to watch VAX know
yes that will open your mind insanely
okay my wife and I were basically forced
to start vaccinations on our son because
you know who doesn't want their child to
go to school and learn so we our son at
for now I think when he was two and a
half we got the MMR no more than fifteen
minutes after that vaccination our son
had a seizure and his car seat in the
car okay
we've gone to a specialist in UC Davis
in Sacramento pediatric specialists that
it's the bottom line there they're
pushing they're pushing vaccinations on
on us to give to our children if you do
the research as a parent you will see
that these negative effects like like
I'm sorry I forgot Allah Islam Riza
really resist Riza
they it was it was like one like you
said one in fifteen thousand thirty
years ago now it's what I think it's
more than one and forty five I think
it's like one in thirty one thirty kids
have autism because of vaccinations if
not that's the only increase has been
vaccination yeah so vaccines have
increased
okay well autism is increases you can't
say there's any other what else is there
to say more autism but here's the thing
senator pan out of California
he's making a really big case about this
SB 277 and 276 he's saying now that all
these doctors are really doing illegal
practices and just giving parents
permission not to get it vaccinated and
that's why measles are coming back and
that's why it needs to be forced I mean
let me say about mr. Richard pan this
this demon
I'm from California you can you of
course he's pleading a big case because
he gets a big paycheck right okay now
this individual is saying that it's
illegal for a doctor to practice
medicine that they were trained to
practice to uphold the Hippocratic oath
you're telling me that that's illegal no
that is legal what you're doing is
illegal you're violating the US
Constitution you're pushing something
that is known to cause all times you're
pushing something that from the senior
lead scientist himself has said it's
harmful specifically it's a black and
brown children and all other children
after that this has been proven they
have not tested it against a placebo
they've only tested against older
vaccinations they have the vaccine
advanced reporting system which goes
over all the effects and negativity that
has caused four years and using years it
has wiped out over a hundred thousand
black boys etc etc etc and you're
telling me that this is something that
you want me to force onto my children
without having any question and I can't
choose to opt out of it
that is called slavery and I will not
stand for it so that mr. pan you might
want to check to see what his pocket but
looks like and who is sponsoring all of
his bank accounts because that's where
his inspiration is coming from it's no
longer coming from integrity yesterday's
vote was six to two so a lot of work to
do yes oh yes reason Islam give out your
social I want people to be able to
follow you because beyond this
conversation they're gonna have a lot of
questions absolutely yes everything is
at Riza Islam are eyes easy a last name
Islam like the religion Riza Islam calm
if you like to book me for speaking
engagements or to be in the community to
see what it is that you need help with
on here to serve and I'm absolutely
honored to do it Shawna's in Canada Sean
good morning I love what you guys do I
don't know this gentleman you have our
but he is phenomenal the work he's been
with even Lipsky when nipsey's policy we
are on the ground given people like
arson Canada that can't even see what's
happening what was happening it's just
oddities and talk to him as well
absolutely sir
he has a new home would thank you in
Canada forcing us to give our kids this
even when we say you don't want to
because of the things that you're
speaking of and there's nothing you
could do about it like if your kid is in
school and you do not give them the
vaccine they tell you that your kid is
going to be kicked out of school and
this is grade one my daughter's in grade
one they just made us give it to her a
second time because they said the doctor
the first time did it too close together
is there anything we could do to get out
of doing this I know I'm in Canada you
might not really know Canadian law but
is there anything we could do in Canada
or America to stop them from making us
take the vaccine or we have to think it
yes well for one from what I know of
Canadian law you also have exemption
forms there you have the medical the
religious as well as the philosophic or
personal belief exemption you have to go
to the Department of Health if you as a
last resort but you can go to a doctor
or a nurse who is willing to see and
assess you know your child's position to
see their condition etc and they should
be willing to write an exemption that is
a part that's legal for them to do so
that's how it was with my parents that
they said no I don't have accent eight
this is against my religious belief or a
medical belief etc they can give you a
vaccine exemption form and it will go
into what's called grandfathering into
the next point to where they were no
longer have taken any vaccinations all
the way down and by the way if a doctor
or a nurse tells you that you need to
take this vaccine and get out that is
called paternalism and that is something
that they are taught in medical school
never to do which is basically coercion
following that which is under the United
States Code subsection 5 of Title 18
which is a domestic terrorist so they're
doing something against virtually every
law that they've ever been taught to
practice in a poll Sean your citizen
once again give out your social I want
people to have it I want them to hear it
loud and clear reason oh yes sir Rize
Islam RI zza and last name Islam is L AM
everything as under Islam including
ariza Islam calm I want to invite you
back up because I want to hear
got your thoughts about food that's
being cloned in the impact in the faster
half and now gonna do a series with you
if you don't mind I'm but I'm on it okay
okay great so we'll just so we have room
for dialogue and also to start new ones
Kellie Kincaid thank you how can I reach
you follow me on all platforms Kelly can
kk e ll y ki n ka ID thank you for all
the work that you're doing and we will
keep the citizens up abreast of this SB
276 yes yes absolutely anything you want
to say in closing I'm just honored
brother I'm honored that you and sister
have had enough integrity to put this on
the platform because of course most
people would not touch it so I'm just
honored to be your brother and I'm
honored that you allow me to come here
and serve and do my capacity on behalf
of Minister Tony the Western Regional
Minister for under Minister Farrakhan
and of course - for a combination of
Islam absolutely man thank you for this
this information is needed across the
board yes Kelly point not even well you
know definitely in a black community but
other communities abroad you know you
need to know this information so we
appreciate you we appreciate
suppressions a presence yn appreciate
you as well we want to thank J and Dino
- for bringing introducing us oh yeah
that's the brother oh yeah he made it
happen
okay Kelly Kinte thank you
[Music]